Update signed-apk-android.md (#3123)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/signed-apk-android.md

    /Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdkX.X.X_XXX.jdk/Contents/Home

> Navigate to that directory by using the command `cd /your/jdk/path` and use the keytool command with sudo permission as shown below. Remember to edit `my-upload-key` and `my-key-alias`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to that directory by using the command `cd /your/jdk/path` and use the keytool command with sudo permission as shown below. It then generates the keystore as a file called `my-upload-key.keystore`.
```

Author: I believe this does not clarify the person needs to edit the placeholders with their own value.

Reviewer: But this is more consistent with the Windows paragraph just above. If you wish to edit them, you need to update them both

## Setting up Gradle variables

1. Place the `my-upload-key.keystore` file under the `android/app` directory in your project folder.
2. Edit the file `~/.gradle/gradle.properties` or `android/gradle.properties`, and add the following

> 3. Replace `*****` with the correct keystore (line 3) and key (line 4) passwords, if you were not prompted to create a key password it will be the same as keystore password

Reviewer: Let's not add a new bullet point here. I don't think it's necessary to specify `line 3` and `line 4` also.

Author: >Let's not add a new bullet point here.

Do you have a better suggestion to make it clear for people using this doc?

>I don't think it's necessary to specify line 3 and line 4 also.

One of the configs is called `storePassword` and the other is called `keyPassword`. Someone reading this documentation for the first time will be confused because the doc mention "keystore password" (confusingly the combination of both names). I am familiar with the term, and I was questioning myself about the correct place to use the variable. Because of that, I believe one extra level of clarification is needed.

Reviewer: I've left two suggestions that clarifies a bit more.

> 2. Edit the file `~/.gradle/gradle.properties` or `android/gradle.properties`, and add the following
> 3. Replace `*****` with the correct keystore (line 3) and key (line 4) passwords, if you were not prompted to create a key password it will be the same as keystore password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit the file `~/.gradle/gradle.properties` or `android/gradle.properties`, and add the following (replace `*****` with the correct keystore/key password. Those are the one you got asked to type with the `keytool` command before):
```

Author: This is pretty similar to what we had before, which was misleading. I wouldn't suggest doing such a small change, as it may not contribute to the goal of _saving people's time by writing clear instructions_.

Reviewer: The current revision has two bullet points:

```
2. Edit the file `~/.gradle/gradle.properties` or `android/gradle.properties`, and add the following
3. Replace `*****` with the correct...
```

with a "the following" which is referred to the snippet below. So you should either reword it, merge it into a single point as suggested, or remove the ", and add the following" part.
